Notes meeting with Courtney, Jose, Mike (2025/10/16)

1. which HTML converter should I use?
    -- the first one that Jose sent: Tei2html 
    jhellingman/tei2html: XSLT stylesheets to convert TEI to HTML and ePub format.
    but it sounds like Jose is taking the lead on this front, I should look at his GitHub repo about it

2. do we want images embedded by the text?
    yes but Courtney needs to find ones that we can use (with no IP concerns)

3. things I think we want to do
    - do we need to be able to search (ctrl-f or otherwise) for words and phrases split across lines? this seems potentially difficult
    - we might be able to do this on the wordpress site-- however, we need to somehow ignore the newline character for searches across lines...

notes:
 -- Mike send Jose TEI files with notes properly marked 
 -- enable the notes, the correction bubble, and the line numbers in the HTML
 -- Courtney research images to potentially use in the online version

 -- Mike and Jose both send GitHub repos to each other

 -- Jose to look at newline character for searching

 -- consider making an index/concordance for 











Notes meeting with Courtney, Jose, Mike, Micah (2024/02/10)

    1. for sections, we could just have a key for each document that gives page number and line number for each section break
        could keep track of other information like this as well? what else might we need to track?

        for section headings, we need to look into how TEI publisher reads headings

    2. with how I'm tagging it, bold isn't displaying
        what about other kinds of elements? italics? strikethrough? notes? underline?

        it looks like we want to use <hi> instead of <emph>.. we should look at the Kant document examples in the existDB instance
        Jose will look into which kind of tag works for bold, italics, etc.

        for notes and strikethrough, we want to have hidden formatting, where we click on the item and it displays what's behind it
        we want to look into what the options are for doing "pop-ups" or some other kind of option where 
        even better: would be if it looks like the old version, then we can click and expand the revised version of the word/phrase

    3. Jose any advice about keeping track of split words (i.e., split at end of line)?

        we can embed the word to search for (i.e., the actual, non-split word)
    
    4. discuss paragraph elements - not sure if from docx we can tell what is a genuine paragraph end versus, e.g., end of page

        we want to find all cases where a page ends in a punctuation mark. Then we want to look at each of those manually and see if they are paragraph endings. If yes, we need to mark them and keep track of them. 

        In all other cases, we treat the beginning paragraph on the next page as a continuation of the last paragraph on the previous page.
       
